Date: 20240424101107
Title: Flow Blockchain 
Content:
$Date:24-04-24

I am writing this two days later of event happened.
You had Idea about from long time i was tracking mlh web3 apps hackthon then , for march i made this app which was not a winning bet nd i had idea about that.
Then for april month i decided to win it by making for flow sponsor but flow cli didnt workout for back days. but after new version of 17 It started supporting win 10 okay I setteled up cli and started learning came across tutorials till 18 but eventually lucky my room mate went home then instead of working hard i made same mistakes repeatedly, fapped for a night watched porn we series. I don't know I was out of control. but I could take my steps back which I didn't.
Then went for wedding which was also a flopped thing by rain.
at night light went off and I watched movie instead of building for hack okay fine then on 21 I started to learn firebase which was not a good decision I regretted by losing 2 hours for that only  then with react started building for the hack I finalized my Idea of making a streak challenger app .  Made a basic UI but not server side  then I jumped to flow development , after rushing with same tutorials I made just login with flow option which was not enough . time was left 1 hour ,  my app was pretty good {It could have won I was sure } but I referred a winning project which had plenty of smart contracts. but haven't made any of them I was sure for not submitting it .I was very sure about any dumb project will come and win .
that's what happened atulya minz the guy who won last time came with project of task selling app like gigs and bug-bounty platform and won again.
And you know there's no hacktahon for next month .
My mistake was being procrastinating over the subject and prioritizing off topics fap, porn etc.  
okay lets leave this point but I wasted 2 days after that I am not angry on myself but on that guy who won twice instead I had to be over myself.
now what i am not doing anything not abled to focus willing not to do anything.

conclusion {many things i've figured out now}